Failed to decode: ['101', '26/09/2009', 'League', '2', '43', '10:00:00', '24', 'Away', '4', '3', '2', '2', 'False', 'False', 'False', 'Cambridge South 2s got life in 4NW off to the best possible start with a dramatic 4-3 win at City of Peterborough 6.\r\nThe omens were not looking good early on, with no regular goalkeeper being available due to injury and most of the team stuck in an enormous tailback on the A14 less than an hour before pushback.  Those expecting the culprit to be Captain Dave Aston\x92s Rover 25 bursting into flames were disappointed to see that it was caused by a boat falling off its trailer.  But it would take more than a traffic jam to stop the South juggernaught today. \r\nOut of the blocks straightaway, brilliant midfield play from Tim Clapp and Dave Aston on the left and Jack Chalk and Kev on the right caused mayhem to give South a well deserved 2-0 lead after only 20 minutes.  The first came after Kev and Jack had worked the ball down the right channel and the ball eventually found its way to find Rob Barton with time and space in the D.  The second came only moments later when a super Bristowe tackle wrong footed the Peterborough midfield and play was switched back, Graham McCulloch racing through and shrugging off the last man to finish clinically after the perfect  through ball from midfield. \r\nHaving struggled to make much of an impact early on, a stunned City of Peterborough struck back with a goal of their own at the near post and narrowly avoided going 3-1 down after a fine reaction save from a broken down short corner, a perfect cross pitch ball out of defence left South floundering and Ian Evans in goal could do nothing as three Peterborough forwards decided between themselves which one of them could slot in the equaliser. \r\nNot to be outdone by this, the Monckasaurus, who had already displayed his bulk to perfection at centre back, thumped a 16 yard hit of his own straight through the entire midfield to Rob Barton who made no mistake to give South a 3-2 interval lead. \r\nPeterborough started the second half stronger and came closest to scoring when a flicked short corner was superbly stopped by Ian Evans\x92 thighs and cleared off the line by George and Dave.  Despite Peterborough having much of the ball, clear cut opportunities were limited with Nick Bristowe and Ron Oren immense in defence, and Sanjay showing he wasn\x92t missing his broken headband with some stick trickery in midfield.  But superb interplay between the Peterborough forwards left the South rearguard outnumbered and the equaliser was swept in past the outstretched foot of Ian Evans.\r\n3-3, 10 minutes left, it was then anyone\x92s game to win as legs tired. A golden opportunity was spurned when a Peterborough forward found himself with time and space only yards in front of goal, but was smothered out by George and Ian in what seemed like slow motion.  Shortly after that, a ball played right across the face of goal was missed by everyone.\r\nAt the other end, Graham McCulloch and Rob Barton combined superbly twice, only to see the ball roll inches wide of the left post, and then the keeper saving point blank when Barton looked destined to score.  Finally, with only 3 minutes left, a melee led to the ball dropping to Rob "Dog in the D" Barton and it was he that latched on to the ball as if it was a juicy bone to loft it home as the keeper scrambled to his feet, securing his hat trick and snatching a superb 4-3 victory.', "Men's 2nds take all 3 points away at City of Peterborough 6", 'False', 'False', '', '1', 'True', 'False', '']
